removed references to Che from devfile docs (#29)
devfile/docs: docs/modules/user-guide/partials/proc_adding-container-component-to-a-devfile.adoc

----
====
+

> The sources is mounted on a location stored in the `ROJECTS_ROOT` environment variable that is made available in the running container of the image. This location defaults to `/projects`. If `sourceMapping` is defined in the container, it overrides the 'PROJECT_ROOT' value if present and mounts the source to the path defined by `sourceMapping`.

Reviewer: Typo `PROJECTS_ROOT`

> The sources is mounted on a location stored in the `PROJECTS_ROOT` environment variable that is made available in the running container of the image. This location defaults to `/projects`. If `sourceMapping` is defined in the container, it overrides the 'PROJECT_ROOT' value if present and mounts the source to the path defined by `sourceMapping`.

Reviewer 2: Remember to use fixed width (backticks) for variable names.

```suggestion
The sources is mounted on a location stored in the `PROJECTS_ROOT` environment variable that is made available in the running container of the image. This location defaults to `/projects`. If `sourceMapping` is defined in the container, it overrides the `PROJECT_ROOT` value if present and mounts the source to the path defined by `sourceMapping`.
```
